DVC file -> .dvc file (2nd chunk) reopen (#1408)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/push.md

                [targets [targets ...]]

positional arguments:

>   targets        Limit command scope to these `.dvc` files. Using -R,
>                  directories to search `.dvc` files in can also be given.

Reviewer: Same as in pull:
```suggestion
  targets        Limit command scope to these stages or `.dvc` files.
                 Using -R, directories can also be given, to search
                 `.dvc` files in.
```

Reviewer: @utkarshsingh99 note that this same change or a very similar one should apply to fetch and status, although those aren't included in this chunk... But maybe they should! Would you mind adding them from your original branch with all your changes (and review them to see if you can detect further improvements based on all the feedback here so far)?

Author: Sure. 
I checked the last commit on these files was 22 and 26 days ago, and I made that change and pulled quite later.
So I'm just going to copy the content from that branch and put it in this one for these two files.
Hope that's okay?

> note that this same change or a very similar one should apply to fetch and status

Noted. On it...

Reviewer: Sure that works.

                [targets [targets ...]]

positional arguments:

>   targets        Limit command scope to these stages or `.dvc` files.
>                  Using -R, directories can also be given, to search
>                  `.dvc` files in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  targets        Limit command scope to these stages or .dvc files.
                 Using -R, directories can also be given, to search
                 .dvc files in.
```

these commands.

The `dvc push` command allows us to upload data to remote storage. It doesn't
save any changes in the code or `.dvc` files (those should be saved by using

> `git commit` and `git push`).

Reviewer: ...any changes to the code, `dvc.yaml`, or `.dvc` files (those should be saved with...)

these commands.

The `dvc push` command allows us to upload data to remote storage. It doesn't
save any changes to the code, `dvc.yaml`, or `.dvc` files (those should be saved
with `git commit` and `git push`).

💡 For convenience, a Git hook is available to automate running `dvc push` after
`git push`. See `dvc install` for more details.

Under the hood a few actions are taken:

- The push command by default uses all
  [`dvc.yaml`](/doc/user-guide/dvc-file-format) and
  [`.dvc` files](/doc/user-guide/dvc-file-format) in the <abbr>workspace</abbr>.
  The command options listed below will either limit or expand the set of stages
  (in dvc.yaml) or `.dvc` files to consult.

> - For each <abbr>output</abbr> referenced from each selected stage of `.dvc`

Reviewer: Oops typo. I meant "or" here. I'll commit it.
```suggestion
- For each <abbr>output</abbr> referenced in every selected stage or `.dvc`
```

Under the hood a few actions are taken:

- The push command by default uses all

>   [`.dvc` files](/doc/user-guide/dvc-file-format) in the <abbr>workspace</abbr>.

Reviewer: `dvc.yaml` and `.dvc` files

>   The command options listed below will either limit or expand the set of `.dvc`

Reviewer: ...set of stages (in `dvc.yaml`) or `.dvc` files to...

  files to consult.

> - For each <abbr>output</abbr> referenced from each selected `.dvc` file, DVC

Reviewer: stage of `.dvc` file

Reviewer: Oops I meant "or". I fixed this.

`dvc push` would upload.

If one or more `targets` are specified, DVC only considers the files associated

> with those `.dvc` files. Using the `--with-deps` option, DVC tracks dependencies

Reviewer: Let's simplify to:

> with them. Using...

backward from the target [stage files](/doc/command-reference/run), through the
corresponding [pipelines](/doc/command-reference/pipeline), to find data files
to push.

## Options

> - `-a`, `--all-branches` - determines the files to upload by examining `.dvc`

Reviewer: All the same changes requested for pull apply here too.

Reviewer: Moved to https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1408#pullrequestreview-427734039

  the entire existing commit history of the project.

- `-d`, `--with-deps` - determines files to upload by tracking dependencies to
  the target `.dvc` files (stages). If no `targets` are provided, this option is
  ignored. By traversing all stage dependencies, DVC searches backward from the
  target stages in the corresponding pipelines. This means DVC will not push

>   files referenced in later stages than the `targets`.

Reviewer: This one is still outdated. Just copy it from pull as mentioned in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1408#discussion_r437133314 please (but change "upload" for "download").

- `-R`, `--recursive` - determines the files to push by searching each target
  directory and its subdirectories for `.dvc` files to inspect. If there are no

>   directories among the `targets`, this option is ignored.

Reviewer: Same, copy from pull, which is updated, and change "pull" for "push".
